2021 03 02 iswilli accessreviewscopeupdates (#11842)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/principalresourcemembershipsscope.md

---
title: "principalResourceMembershipsScope resource type"

> description: "**TODO: Add Description**"

Reviewer: "Allows for the selection scopes to review access of the selected principals to the selected resources."

author: "isabelleatmsft"
localization_priority: Normal

> ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.prod: "governance"
```

doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# principalResourceMembershipsScope resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]
[!INCLUDE [accessreviews-disclaimer-v2](../../includes/accessreviews-disclaimer-v2.md)]

> principalResourceMembershipsScope allows for the selection of a collection of principal scopes and a collection of resource scopes to review access of the selected principals to the selected resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The principalResourceMembershipsScope object allows for the selection of scopes to review access of the selected principals to the selected resources.
```

Inherits from [accessReviewScope](../resources/accessreviewscope.md).

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |principalScopes|[accessReviewScope](../resources/accessreviewscope.md) collection|Defines the scopes of the principals to be included in an access review|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|principalScopes|[accessReviewScope](../resources/accessreviewscope.md) collection|Defines the scopes of the principals to be included in an access review.|
```

> |resourceScopes|[accessReviewScope](../resources/accessreviewscope.md) collection|Defines the scopes of the resources that access will be reviewed to|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|resourceScopes|[accessReviewScope](../resources/accessreviewscope.md) collection|Defines the scopes of the resources for which access will be reviewed.|
```

## Relationships
None.

> ## Supported queries of type principalResourceMembershipsScope

Reviewer 2: This H2 section deviates from the standard structure for a resource topic. Please ensure that resource topics contain only the required H2 sections as output by the stub generator tool. Does this need to be covered in a conceptual topic?

Author: Changed it to an H3 - I believe this needs to be covered on this page so customers know which principal and resource pairings they can choose from

> ### Supported queries of type principalResourceMembershipsScope

Reviewer 2: This is non-standard content for a resource topic. What are you attempting to convey here? Can everything in this H3 section be removed? Does it belong in a concept topic?

> The following documents a list of supported principalResourceMembershipScopes based on the resource(s) being selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following section describe the supported principalResourceMembershipScopes based on the resources being selected.
```

> ### ServicePrincipal Resource Scope 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### ServicePrincipal resource scope 
```

```json
{

>     "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.principalResourceMembershipsScope",

Reviewer: Please change indentation to 2 spaces rather than 4.

    "principalScopes": [
        {
            "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.accessReviewQueryScope",
            "query": "/users",
            "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
        }
    ],
    "resourceScopes": [
        {
            "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.accessReviewQueryScope",
            "query": "/servicePrincipals/7a06f670-2d24-4805-836c-1f4a4d47d567",
            "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
        }
    ]
}
```

> Here are various options for principalScopes for ServicePrincipal Resource Scope: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are options for principalScopes: 
```

> ###### All users

Reviewer: Should be an H4 not an H5: #### All Users

```json
"principalScopes": [
        {
            "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.accessReviewQueryScope",
            "query": "/users",
            "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
        }
    ]

```

> ###### Guest users

Reviewer: Should be an H4 not an H5: #### Guest users

```json
"principalScopes": [
        {
            "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.accessReviewQueryScope",
            "query": "/users?$filter=(userType eq 'Guest')",
            "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
        }
    ]

```

> ### Directory Role Resource Scope 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Directory role resource scope 
```

```json
{
    "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.principalResourceMembershipsScope",
    "principalScopes": [
        {
            "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.accessReviewQueryScope",
            "query": "/users",
            "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
        }
    ],
    "resourceScopes": [
        {
            "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.accessReviewQueryScope",
            "query": "/roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions/6125d321-9b1f-4f4a-a826-a0483c18c646",
            "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
        }
    ]
}
```

> Here are various options for principalScopes for DirectoryRole Resource Scope: 

Reviewer: The following are options for principalScopes:

> ###### All users

Reviewer: Should be an H4 not an H5: #### All users

```json
"principalScopes": [
        {
            "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.accessReviewQueryScope",
            "query": "/users",
            "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
        }
    ]

```

> ###### All inactive users

Reviewer: Should be an H4 not an H5: #### All inactive users

```json
"principalScopes": [
        {
            "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.accessReviewInactiveUsersQueryScope",
            "query": "/users",
            "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph",
            "inactiveDuration": "P30D"
        }
    ]

```

> ###### Guest users

Reviewer: Should be an H4 not an H5: #### Guest users

```json
"principalScopes": [
        {
            "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.accessReviewQueryScope",
            "query": "/users?$filter=(userType eq 'Guest')",
            "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
        }
    ]

```

> ###### Guest inactive users

Reviewer: Should be an H4 not an H5: #### Guest inactive users

```json
"principalScopes": [
        {
            "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.accessReviewInactiveUsersQueryScope",
            "query": "/users?$filter=(userType eq 'Guest')",
            "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph",
            "inactiveDuration": "P30D"
        }
    ]

```

> ### All Directory Roles Resource Scope 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### All Directory roles resource scope 
```

```json
{
    "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.principalResourceMembershipsScope",
    "principalScopes": [
        {
            "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.accessReviewQueryScope",
            "query": "/users",
            "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
        }
    ],
    "resourceScopes": [
        {
            "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.accessReviewQueryScope",
            "query": "/roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions",
            "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
        }
    ]
}
```

Here are various options for principalScopes for All Directory Role Resource Scope: 

> ###### All users

Reviewer: Should be an H4 not an H5: #### All users

```json
"principalScopes": [
        {
            "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.accessReviewQueryScope",
            "query": "/users",
            "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
        }
    ]

```

###### All inactive users

```json
"principalScopes": [
        {
            "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.accessReviewInactiveUsersQueryScope",
            "query": "/users",
            "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph",
            "inactiveDuration": "P30D"
        }
    ]

```

> ###### Guest users

Reviewer: Should be an H4 not an H5: #### Guest users

```json
"principalScopes": [
        {
            "odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.accessReviewQueryScope",
            "query": "/users?$filter=(userType eq 'Guest')",
            "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
        }
    ]

```

> ###### Guest inactive users

Reviewer: Should be an H4 not an H5: #### Guest inactive users
